Extract the attached compressed file “Prices.zip” – it contains a CSV file “Prices.csv” containing the prices in US$ for a generic asset at a time interval of 1 minute, along with the timestamp and trading volumes for that minute. The aim of this exercise is to implement a simple trading strategy based on Simple Moving Averages (SMA) and calculate our net profit/loss (PNL) over a series of trades.A Simple Moving Average of x minutes is simply the average of the prices over the last x minutes. Parse the CSV file and at every minute, compute the following 2 moving averages:1) A Moving Average of the last 'm' minutes2) A Moving Average of the last 'n' minuteswhere m < n (i.e., m is a shorter time period than n) and both m and n are provided as command-line arguments to the program.Implement a simple trading strategy based on the moving averages such that you BUY every time the moving average of the last m minutes crosses above (i.e., exceeds) the moving average of the last n minutes, and SELL every time the reverse happens.Make the following simplifying assumptions:1) You can only have a maximum of one open position (max of a single BUY or SELL at a given time); so you can't have a second BUY until you've had a SELL after the first BUY.2) You have a starting balance of $1000 in your trading account.3) Every order you place will have a fixed notional of $20. As an example, if the last price was $4.2, your order quantity will be $20/$4.2 = 4.7619 units of the asset (assume fractional units are allowed to 4 decimal places).Write to a CSV file the list of trades. Each trade should include the following details:- util.Trade number (how many trades so far - consider a trade completed only when you SELL)- util.Trade time (assume the trade is placed at the exact same time the latest price was received)- util.Trade side (BUY or SELL)- util.Trade quantity (calculated as explained in assumption #3 above)- util.Trade price (assume the trade is executed exactly at the last price received)- PNL for the trade (to be calculated only if the trade side is SELL)- Net(Cumulative) PNL up until nowFor bonus points, incorporate a trading fee of 0.1%.Feel free to use any programming language you are comfortable with.